                                
                                 -TEST   PLAN-



Revision History

Date
Description
Author
Comments
17.12.2023
Test Plan OPEN CART
Melinte Elena
versiunea 2.0

  
Table of Content:
1.1  Introduction
1.2  Project objective
1.3  Functionalities in scope
1.4  Functionalities and tests out of scope
2  Test process
2.1  Test planning
2.2  Test analysis
2.3  Test design
2.4  Test implementation
2.5  Test execution
2.6  Test closure
2.7  Test monitoring and control
3.  Test deliverables
3.1  Test plan
3.2  Test conditions
3.3  Test cases
3.4  Daily test summary reports
3.5  Traceability matrix
3.6  Test case results
3.7  Bugs report
3.8  Test completion report
   
           1.1 Introduction 

      OpenCart is a free open source e-commerce platform for online merchants. OpenCart provides a professional and reliable foundation from which to build a successful online store. This foundation appeals to a wide variety of users; from experienced web developers looking for a user-friendly interface to shop owners just launching their business online for the first time. OpenCart has a large amount of features that give you powerful power over customizing your store. With OpenCart tools, you can help your online store reach its full potential.

As part of the project, 'OpenCart' has requested testing of various functionalities of the 'https://demo.opencart.com/' web application. This document outlines the high-level test planning with details on the project scope, test strategy, schedule, resource requirements, deliverables, andap proval process.
  1.2  Project objective
This guide serves as a resource for users who need guidance in navigating the OpenCart interface. We break down what's involved in setting up your store: complete with keeping it up to date with the latest version, meeting technical requirements, accessing your admin panel, and uninstalling. The user guide covers the essential tools used to manage your store through the admin side. We will guide you through the important sections of the admin interface: Catalog, Extensions, Sales, Systems and Reports. In this area we will cover what part of your store each section is responsible for and how you can modify them in the admin side to meet your store's needs. This guide explains important store procedures such as adding products to the store , tracking sales, managing customers, changing the layout, adding extensions and more.OpenCart Demo

1.3 Functionalities in scope
   
  OpenCart has certain technical requirements for the software to function properly. The software must be uploaded to a web server, which will make the store publicly available on the web. If you don't already have a domain or web hosting account, they can be easily purchased at an affordable price from various places online.
  When selecting a hosting service, an Apache server is recommended. You will also need a database server that supports MySQLi, PDO, or PostgreSQL. (MySQLi is recommended if possible.) Finally, you will need to have the following PHP libraries installed in your PHP configuration:
 PHP 8.0 or later
 twist
 GD Library
 Conv
 Mbstring
 OpenSSL Encrypt
 ZipArchive
 Zlib


  
     1.4 Functionalities and tests out of scope
    The below are the entry and exit criteria for every phase of Software Testing LifeCycle:
      Requirement Analysis
               Initially, Testing team reviews Requirements Documents or detailsabout the Project.
           List of Requirements are explored and understood by the Testing team
       requirements are analyzed by the team.
2. Test process
      2.1Test planning
  Roles and responsibilities
 ELENA -QA junion testeaza Dashboard, Performance, Admin
 RADU - QA Senior  Testeaza: My Info, Directory, Maintenance
 MARIA - QA junior Testeaza: PIM, Time, Claims
 MIHAI- QA team leader-Verifica progresul echipei/ management and control



  2.2Test analysis
        Initially, Testing team reviews Requirements Documents or details about the Project
         List of Requirements are explored and understood by the Testing team
         Requirements are analyzed by the team.
     2.1 Test planing
         by using the given document, the testable requirement are derived.
        Test Plan document (includes Test Strategy)is signed-off by the Clie
    2.3Test design
       Test Plan Documentis signed-off by the Client
       Test Scenarios and Test Cases Documents are signed-off by the Client
  
        2.5 Test execution
    Test Scenarios and Test Cases Documents are closed by the Client
    Applicationis ready for Testing
    Test Case Reports, Defect Reports are ready
       2.6 Test closure
 Test Case Reports, Defect Reports are ready
  Analyze and test Summary Reports
    2.7 Test monitoring and control:
   Creating Test Plan 1-12-2023 to 14-3-2024
   Test Case Creation14-01-2024 to 21-03-2024
   Test Case Execution21-01-2024 to 28-02-2024
   Summary Reports Submission 10-04-2024
 3 Test deliverables
    3.1 Test  Plan
                -Details on the scope of the Project, 
                  -test strategy, 
                  - test schedule,
                  - resource requirements, 
                  -test deliverables and schedule 
     3.2 Test conditions 
Functional Test Cases
      3.3Test cases
Test Cases created for the scope defined   
